order_provider_id provides an anonymous identifier for the provider who ordered the microbiology test. Provider identifiers follow a consistent pattern: the letter “P”, followed by either three numbers, followed by two letters or two numbers. For example, “P003AB”, “P00102”, “P1248B”, etc. Provider identifiers are randomly generated and do not have any inherent meaning aside from uniquely identifying the same provider across the database. chartdate, charttime charttime records the time at which an observation was charted, and is usually the closest proxy to the time the data was actually measured. chartdate is the same as charttime, except there is no time available. chartdate was included as time information is not always available for microbiology measurements: in order to be clear about when this occurs, charttime is null, and chartdate contains the date of the measurement. In the cases where both charttime and chartdate exists, chartdate is equal to a truncated version of charttime (i.e. charttime without the timing information). Not all observations have a charttime, but all observations have a chartdate. spec_itemid, spec_type_desc The specimen which is tested for bacterial growth. The specimen is a sample derived from a patient; e.g. blood, urine, sputum, etc. test_seq If multiple samples are drawn, the test_seq will delineate them. For example, if an aerobic and anerobic culture bottle are used for the same specimen, they will have distinct test_seq values (likely 1 and 2). storedate, storetime The date (storedate) or date and time (storetime) of when the microbiology result was available. While many interim results are made available during the process of assessing a microbiology culture, the times here are the time of the last known update. test_itemid, test_name The test performed on the given specimen. org_itemid, org_name The organism, if any, which grew when tested. If NULL, no organism grew (i.e. a negative culture). isolate_num For testing antibiotics, the isolated colony (integer; starts at 1). ab_itemid, ab_name If an antibiotic was tested against the given organism for sensitivity, the antibiotic is listed here. dilution_text, dilution_comparison, dilution_value Dilution values when testing antibiotic sensitivity. interpretation interpretation of the antibiotic sensitivity, and indicates the results of the test. “S” is sensitive, “R” is resistant, “I” is intermediate, and “P” is pending.